I'm going to show you how easy it is to
change the lenses out in a rayban 21:32
new Wayfarer this technique will work
for many rating frames available this
technique however will not work for the
original Wayfarer model number twenty
one forty sorry I can't help it with
that one which you didn't ask my advice
before where you bought the thing so
here we go the Sun is 50 to the size 55
it is a piece of cake in the 52
extremely easy a little bit more
challenging than 55 I'll show you the
further steps involved in order to
remove the lenses these are the original
g15 lenses that come in it you can put
any coloring that you want I'll show you
how to do that now
there's one step you may have to do if
these are if your original ones are
damaged or you actually visibly see a
crack use a heavy-duty glove or
protective cloth to do the technique but
I'm going to show you without the cloth
now if you see a damaged lens and you're
only replacing this one time please use
protection but essentially what you do
it's all with the thumb it's all with
the nose take your thumb push down at
the nasal area the lens pops right out I
turn it around being right-handed and
you can actually torque the frame you're
not going to hurt the frame you're not
going to hurt these glass lenses but you
use your thumb push down at the nose it
pops right out now in order to put the
lenses in and just to demonstrate that
any color of work I'm going to use the
gray gradient lens but you turn the
frame right side up you start at the
outside corners and then you push down
with the nose lips when we're through
Oh easy was start the outside corners
push down with the nose I rotate the
frame start the outside corner push down
at the nose your lenses are now mounted
in the 52 now the only hard part for any
of this is the original glass lenses if
you use the polycarbonate lenses that I
cut you have clear or polarize I also
offer polarized polycarbonate if you
don't have the original heavy classmen
but a chrome to break them and drop them
but again to take them out trying to
frame downward with your thumb push down
at the nose the lens pops right out
rotate push down at the nose the lens
pops right out now any of the lenses
that I cut the clear or the polarized
they go in even easier and both frames
start at the outside corner push down
the nose you get a snap you are done
start at the outside corner push down at
the nose when you hear the snap you are
done now you have the new Wayfarer with
clear lenses this is an extremely hot
look right now can't keep them in stock
that's the picture - that's a piece of
cake let me show you how it is with the
55 it's a little bit more challenging
the inside bevel of the frame is
slightly deeper and again it's only a
problem with the class lenses the
polycarb lenses that a cut will go in
extremely easy but to take them out
again just like any other if you push
down at the nose they all come out very
easily it's only getting it back in turn
it around push with your thumb push down
with the nose out comes the lens now to
insert this you saw how easy it was for
the 52 there's no way to do for you to
gauge how much hand strength I'm using
so almost look at my face at the
reaction when you start at the outside
corner and then push down at the nose I
am
pressing or start at the outside corner
press down at the nose it is a little
bit harder to do but still is very
doable just to show you the inside
double I do believe is a little deeper
on the larger size than the smaller so
that's why more forces apply now if you
wanted to actually let me put the clear
ones in there now if you happen to
purchase the lenses separately or as a
combo these go in and out extremely easy
start at the outside corner push down at
the nose start at the outside corner and
then push down at the nose all of which
you can use your original Ray Ban
cleaning cloth to clean your lenses now
you've got great pair of fashion glasses
but if you did if you're just buying
lenses only or if you're trying to
change them out in the 55 the larger
size here's a couple more steps you can
do to soften up the frame and make it
easier for you to do at home I have a
cup of hot water almost if I was brewing
a cup of tea
dip your waterproof frame you're not
going to hurt your frame by doing this
into the hot water this is going to
soften the frame somewhat have in use
protection when using scalding hot water
I'm not McDonald's you cannot seemingly
burn yourself this is instruction of
only you don't have to do this but dry
the frame off just so it's not slippery
and take your original end you can see
how the frame is a little more pliable
now start at the outside corner pop down
to the nose that went in so much easier
take my word for it now one more option
you can do if you don't want to use hot
water is to use your hairdryer on a hot
setting I will not be able to talk
through this but the same
I'm going to make the frame pliable for
just here in a few moments
I digress ok back to work now the frame
is softer take care of orginal lens and
it will pop right in easy as that
take your cleaning cloth clean them up
and now you're back in business if you
want to swap out your lenses and a 55
you can use the clear when you're
indoors at work at school if you want to
pop them back in when you go outside
you've now got the glass lenses back in
there you have a very functional tool
this will work on just about every great
man frame again except the original
Wayfarer I'm sorry you have to come see
me pay me lots of money and then how
about those lenses in there for you
because I'm a professional now please
hand me your money but any of this you
can do at home so if you have any more
questions shoot me an email you find a
very easy to work with thank